Restless Brown Bobcat

medium

# Solidity 0.8.20 and above contracts may not get deployed on chains not compatible with Shanghai hard fork due to PUSH0

## Summary
These contracts `SolverVaults` and `SolverVaultToken` is using Solidity ^0.8.20 which uses the new PUSH0 opcode introduced in the Shanghai hard fork.

## Vulnerability Detail
- Once the team noticed that it doesn't deploy on certain chains, there is a possibility that the contracts may be deployed using different Solidity versions.
- Contracts deployed with different Solidity versions on different chains will also mean that their behavior will not be the same. Thus, the team will have the heavy burden of considering all these possibilities in terms of design, development and security considerations.

## Impact
- Monetary Cost: The team may be forced to redeploy the contracts so that all contracts will have one Solidity version that is compatible on all supported chains. 
- Time Cost: The team may carry the heavy burden of considering all the possibilities in handling contracts with different versions.
- The monetary and time cost impact of handling the complexities of multi-chain protocol is already enormous and adding the possibility of handling different compiler versions of it could be unimaginable.

## Code Snippet
SolverToken.sol: [Solidity Version](
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaultToken.sol#L5)

SolverVaults.sol: [Solidity Version](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L5)
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Use the Solidity compiler version 0.8.19 or the latest possible version that works with the intended chains to support.