Damp Viridian Bee

medium

# Project may fail to be deployed to chains not compatible with Shanghai hardfork

## Summary

The current configuration risks generating bytecode that may not be compatible across all blockchains supported by the protocol. This issue stems from using a specific Solidity compiler version, potentially disrupting the functionality of automated scripts and off-chain SYMMIO components.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue arises due to the uniform use of Solidity ^0.8.20 across all contracts within the scope. This version introduces the PUSH0 opcode, a feature of the Shanghai hard fork, as the default setting in the compiler. This is evident in the bytecode of the SolverVault contract. The deployment details can be found [here](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/144).

The protocol targets various chains like BNB, Arbitrum, Polygon, Base, opBNB, zkEVM, and Optimism. However, the PUSH0 opcode may not be supported by all these chains, particularly those that haven't adopted the Shanghai hard fork yet. A mismatch in bytecode compatibility across different Solidity versions could lead to potentially disrupting interactions and the functionality of automated scripts and SYMMIO's off-chain components.

Here is an excerpt of the bytecode produced for the SolverVault contract, in which we can see the presence of the PUSH0 opcode:
```solidity
PUSH1 0x80 DUP1 PUSH1 0x40 MSTORE CALLVALUE PUSH2 0x16 JUMPI PUSH2 0x2A86 SWAP1 DUP2 PUSH2 0x1B DUP3 CODECOPY RETURN JUMPDEST PUSH0 DUP1 REVERT ...
```

IMPORTANT:

1. This issue was consulted with the team representative (Navid) and was considered valid and they want to fix it.
2. This issue has already been reported in the past as a medium, which you can check on solodit.
https://solodit.xyz/issues/m-04-project-may-fail-to-be-deployed-to-chains-not-compatible-with-shanghai-hardfork-code4rena-ambire-ambire-git

## Impact

Incompatibility in bytecode across different blockchain versions could lead to malfunctions in operations, automated scripts, and the operational integrity of SYMMIO's off-chain components.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaultToken.sol#L5
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L5 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Change the Solidity compiler version to 0.8.19 or define an evm version to `paris`, which is compatible across all of the intended chains to be supported by the protocol (see https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/config/solidity-compiler?highlight=evm_vers#evm_version).
