Amusing Parchment Cottonmouth

medium

# Lack of Array Length Limit in requestWithdraw Function

## Summary
The requestWithdraw function in the SolverVault contract does not check whether the withdrawRequests array length might exceed a certain limit. This vulnerability could lead to higher gas costs and potential performance issues as the array grows excessively large.

## Vulnerability Detail
The requestWithdraw function allows users to initiate withdrawal requests, appending them to the withdrawRequests array without verifying if the array length exceeds a predefined limit. As the array grows in size, gas costs associated with array manipulation operations and potential performance degradation could become significant, impacting the efficiency of the contract.

```solidity
 function requestWithdraw(
        uint256 amount,
        address receiver
    ) external whenNotPaused {
        require(
            SolverVaultToken(solverVaultTokenAddress).balanceOf(msg.sender) >=
                amount,
            "SolverVault: Insufficient token balance"
        );
        SolverVaultToken(solverVaultTokenAddress).burnFrom(msg.sender, amount);

        uint256 amountInCollateralDecimals = collateralTokenDecimals >=
            solverVaultTokenDecimals
            ? amount *
                (10 ** (collateralTokenDecimals - solverVaultTokenDecimals))
            : amount /
                (10 ** (solverVaultTokenDecimals - collateralTokenDecimals));

        currentDeposit -= amountInCollateralDecimals;

        withdrawRequests.push(
            WithdrawRequest({
                receiver: receiver,
                amount: amountInCollateralDecimals,
                status: RequestStatus.Pending,
                acceptedRatio: 0
            })
        );
        emit WithdrawRequestEvent(
            withdrawRequests.length - 1,
            receiver,
            amountInCollateralDecimals
        );
    }
    
```

##### POC
Over time, users initiate numerous withdrawal requests using the requestWithdraw function, causing the withdrawRequests array to grow in size.
As the array becomes excessively large, gas costs associated with appending new requests and iterating over the array for various operations increase significantly.
The lack of a limit check allows users to keep submitting withdrawal requests, potentially leading to gas inefficiency and performance degradation.
The contract experiences higher gas consumption, impacting the overall efficiency of transaction processing.

## Impact
Operations that involve the withdrawRequests array, such as searching for specific requests or iterating over the entire array, become progressively slower as the array size grows.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L201C4-L234C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
implement a mechanism to limit the maximum size of the withdrawRequests array, preventing it from growing beyond a specified threshold. This will help control gas costs and maintain optimal contract performance, especially in scenarios where the array size could impact transaction efficiency.