Stable Satin Crane

high

# loss of user funds due to missing functionalities and few scenarios

## Summary
loss of user funds due to missing functionalities and few scenarios

## Vulnerability Detail

In `SolverVaults.sol` contract, a user deposits collateral tokens like USDC/USDT by calling `deposit()`. This functions mints the `solverVaultToken` to user i.e msg.sender and the amount is added to `currentDeposit`. When the user wants to withdraw his collateral tokens from the vault then the user will need to call `requestWithdraw()` which will create the withdraw request and `solverVaultToken`  will be burned from user during this process. The created withdraw request would then be accepted by `BALANCER_ROLE` by calling `acceptWithdrawRequest()`. Once the request is accepted the then the user can call `claimForWithdrawRequest()` by `requestId` to claim his `collateralTokens` from `SolverVaults` which was deposited earlier.

Below are few issues which would be entirely break the protocol functionalities with user loss of funds and hence it is categorized as High severity.

1) User can not cancel withdraw request as there is no such functionality in contract.

Consider a scenario, a user has created a withdraw request by calling `requestWithdraw()`. 

```solidity

    function requestWithdraw(
        uint256 amount,
        address receiver
    ) external whenNotPaused {
        require(
            SolverVaultToken(solverVaultTokenAddress).balanceOf(msg.sender) >=
                amount,
            "SolverVault: Insufficient token balance"
        );
@>        SolverVaultToken(solverVaultTokenAddress).burnFrom(msg.sender, amount);

@>        uint256 amountInCollateralDecimals = collateralTokenDecimals >=
            solverVaultTokenDecimals
            ? amount *
                (10 ** (collateralTokenDecimals - solverVaultTokenDecimals))
            : amount /
                (10 ** (solverVaultTokenDecimals - collateralTokenDecimals));

@>        currentDeposit -= amountInCollateralDecimals;

        withdrawRequests.push(
            WithdrawRequest({
                receiver: receiver,
@>                amount: amountInCollateralDecimals,
                status: RequestStatus.Pending,
                acceptedRatio: 0
            })
        );
        emit WithdrawRequestEvent(
            withdrawRequests.length - 1,
            receiver,
            amountInCollateralDecimals
        );
    }
```

When the withdraw request is created, it can be seen that the `solverVaultTokens` is burned and then respective to the `amount`,  `amountInCollateralDecimals` is calculated which is deducted from `currentDeposit` and later it is pushed to `withdrawRequests` and the final calculated withdrawal amount is calculated and now the users is awaiting the approval from Balancer. 

Consider a scenario, the user wants to cancel the withdraw request due to some reasons. say user has set wrong receiver address or zero address as recipient the in such case there is no functionality that can be called to cancel the withdraw request.

2) There is no function to change the receiver address after creating the withdraw request.

For this contest, non-standard behavior of USDT/USDT is not explicitly mentioned in readme but the issue could be arises when after the few months of deposit in `SolverVaults`, a user finds the receiver address is blacklisted by USDC/USDT then in such case, the collateral tokens of user cannot be claimed for that particular `requestId` as receiver address once set cannot be changed later.

```solidity
        IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).safeTransfer(request.receiver, amount);
```

In either of the case, there is big possibility of loss of user funds either due to missing functionalities like cancel withdraw request or change receiver address for requestId. 

The user funds will be permanently stucked for the above scenarios happened to that withdrawRequest ID. 

3) There is no way the contract trusted roles can reverse the withdraw request

In case, the user has some issues with already created withdraw request and that request is accepted by Balancer and ready for claim then the user has to forcefully claim it even he does not want to withdraw due to some reasons or wrong input while creating the withdraw request. In `acceptWithdrawRequest()`,

```solidity
@>            totalRequiredBalance +=
                (withdrawRequests[id].amount * _paybackRatio) /
                1e18;
            withdrawRequests[id].status = RequestStatus.Ready;
            withdrawRequests[id].acceptedRatio = _paybackRatio;
        }

        require(
            IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).balanceOf(address(this)) >=
                totalRequiredBalance,
            "SolverVault: Insufficient contract balance"
        );
@>        lockedBalance = totalRequiredBalance;
```

Here, lockedBalance is updated with totalRequiredBalance in which our user withdrawal amount is also account as it is accepted. However, the issue is this action after the BALANCER approval can not be reversed and the user would loss funds either it could be permanently stucked in contract and in that case trusted roles like admin can not help user to withdraw his funds.

## Impact
Loss of user funds or funds could be permanently stucked in vault due to missing functionalities in contract as discussed above.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L201-L299

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1) Allow user to `cancelWithdrawRequest` in case user wants to cancel the withdraw request before or after balancer approval.
2) Allow user to change the receiver address for particular withdraw request Id.
3) In `requestWithdraw()`, check `receiver` is not address(0).