Melted Brunette Cougar

high

# [H-3] Missing null address and contract codesize check on `receiver` parameter in `SolverVaults::requestWithdraw` function therefore potentially allowing loss of user funds

## Summary
The `SolverVaults::requestWithdraw` function currently lacks checks to validate whether the receiver address is a contract or a null address. This omission poses a risk, as it allows for the possibility of funds being transferred to smart contract addresses, which might not be equipped to handle incoming transfers, or to the null address, effectively burning the tokens. Specifically, in the absence of these checks, users might inadvertently specify a contract address as the receiver, leading to scenarios where the contract does not have functionality to withdraw these tokens, or they could mistakenly enter a null address, resulting in an irreversible loss of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact
1. Potential Loss of Funds to Smart Contracts: If a user accidentally enters an address of a smart contract that is not designed to handle received tokens (like a contract without a withdrawal function or a receiver hook), the tokens would be effectively locked within that contract, leading to a loss of funds.

2. Irreversible Token Burning: If the receiver address is the null address (0x0), the tokens are sent to an address from which they cannot be recovered, equating to burning the tokens. This could happen due to user error or oversight.

3. User Experience and Trust: Such scenarios could negatively impact user trust and the overall user experience with the platform, as users might lose funds due to a lack of safeguards in the contract.

4. Reputation and Financial Risk for the Platform: Incidents of lost funds due to these issues could damage the reputation of the platform, potentially leading to decreased user engagement and financial risks.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L203

<details>
<summary>Code</summary>
</br>

```javascript
function requestWithdraw(
    uint256 amount,
@>  address receiver
) external whenNotPaused {
    //@audit-info : there is no check if receiver contains code (smart contract) or if its empty

    ...
}
```

</details>

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Proposed Changes in `SolverVaults` contract:

<details>
<summary>Code</summary>
</br>

```diff
+ function isNotContract(address account) internal view returns (bool) {
+   // This method relies on extcodesize/address.code.length, which returns 0
+   // for contracts in construction, since the code is only stored at the end
+   // of the constructor execution.

+   return account.code.length = 0;
+ }

...
function requestWithdraw(
    uint256 amount,
    address receiver
) external whenNotPaused {
+ require(isNotContract(receiver), "receiver: call to a contract detected");
+ require(receiver != address(0), "receiver: empty address detected");

    ...
}
```

</details>
