Gentle Rouge Spider

medium

# Users can create empty withdraw requests, even if they have never deposited into a Solver Vault

## Summary
The `requestWithdraw` function of `SolverVaults.sol` allows depositors to initialize the withdrawal process for their deposited funds. The issue is that there is no check whether the amount requested to withdraw is 0, which would allow creating empty requests.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the `requestWithdraw` function is called with an amount equal to 0, a `WithdrawRequest` struct with an `amount` equal to 0 will be pushed onto the `withdrawRequests` array. Even if a user has never deposited into a Solver Vault and has no Solver Vault Tokens, they would still be able to create withdraw requests, cause the emission of `WithdrawRequestEvent` events and take space in the `withdrawRequests` array.

Here is a test proving the issue. Place it in the `requestWithdraw` describe block of the `SolverVault.test.ts` file.
```js
 it("should create withdraw request with 0 amount", async function () {
            const depositAmount = decimal(0, collateralDecimals)
            const withdrawAmountInCollateralDecimals = depositAmount
            const withdrawAmount = convertToVaultDecimals(depositAmount)
            const rec = await receiver.getAddress()
            await expect(solverVault.connect(user).requestWithdraw(withdrawAmount, rec))
                .to.emit(solverVault, "WithdrawRequestEvent")
                .withArgs(0, rec, withdrawAmountInCollateralDecimals)
        })
```

## Impact
The emission of invalid events may have negative effects on the protocols frontend. Furthermore, easily filling the `withdrawRequests` array with empty requests will hinder the work of the `BALANCER_ROLE` and may be harmful to the Solver Vault's functionality.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L201-L234

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Revert if the withdrawal amount is 0 in the  `requestWithdraw` function of `SolverVaults.sol`.
