Kind Alabaster Cheetah

high

# Initialization function can be front-run

## Summary
Due to the use of the delegatecall proxy pattern, the `SolverVault` contract cannot be initialized with a constructor, so it has the `initialize` function and that function can be front-run by an attacker leading to updating critical states of the contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
The declaration of function `initialize` is used in `SolverVault` contract to initialize the contract. There is no checking within the initialize function to ensure the authority of the caller which can lead to a possible front-run, allowing an attacker to incorrectly initialize the contract. 
The current deployment script presented in `script/deploy.ts` is irrelevant and doesn't prove that the upgrade is safe from front-running.
## Impact
This issue can have two major impacts:
- An attacker can front-run the initialization process, update the `_symmioAddress`, and grant all the available roles. After that, he calls the `depositToSymmio` transferring all the funds the contract holds to the malicious Symmio contract he already set.
- The front-run can be repeated by the attacker as a Denial Of Service (DOS) type of attack, effectively preventing the contract deployment in a correct way, leading to unrecoverable gas expenses from the protocol team's perspective as they need to redeploy the contract each time the front-run happens.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L80
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Two recommendations can be given:
- Use hardhat-upgrades to deploy the proxy and the implementation contract. This will ensure that the deployment script has robust protections against front-running attacks.
- Consider checking the authority of the caller in the `initialize` function. Below is a suggestion for doing that:
```solidity
    constructor() {
        _grantRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, msg.sender);
    }
    function initialize(
        address _symmioAddress,
        address _symmioVaultTokenAddress,
        address _solver,
        uint256 _minimumPaybackRatio,
        uint256 _depositLimit
    ) public initializer onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE){
    ....
```