Skinny Lemon Aphid

medium

# Use `SafeERC20#forceApprove()` to account for non-standard ERC-20 token implementations

## Summary

The code base uses `SafeERC20#safeTransfer()` and `SafeERC20#safeTransferFrom()` to account for possible non-standard ERC-20 implementations, but it also makes one unprotected call to `IERC20#approve()`. This inconsistency should be rectified.

## Vulnerability Detail

Certain tokens, such as USDT on Ethereum mainnet, have non-standard implementations of the `approve()` function. They may include one or more of these non-standard behaviors:
1. Require an allowance of 0 before the allowance can be changed.
2. Utilize an interface where `approve()` does not return a `bool` as it is expected to.
3. Return `false` on failure rather than explicitly reverting.

OpenZeppelin addresses these issues in `SafeERC20#forceApprove()`. Since `SafeERC20` is utilized elsewhere in this codebase, it stands to reason that `forceApprove()` should also be used, even if Ethereum mainnet is not a target for deployment.

The approval in question is in the `depositToSymmio()` function, so all such deposits would fail for certain non-standard collateral tokens.

## Impact

Some non-standard ERC-20 collateral tokens cannot be transferred to the Symmio platform.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L193-L196

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Replace the snippet above with:

```solidity
        require(
            IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).forceApprove(address(symmio), amount),
            "SolverVault: Approve failed"
        );
```