Stable Mauve Dog

medium

# Enhanced Compatibility with Non-Standard ERC20 Tokens in SolverVault Contract

## Summary
The `SolverVault` smart contract, designed to interact with a range of ERC20 tokens, currently utilizes OpenZeppelin's `SafeERC20` library for secure token operations. However, it may face compatibility issues with certain ERC20 tokens, like USDT (Tether), which have unique requirements for updating allowances. This report identifies a potential improvement in handling such tokens to enhance the contract's robustness and interoperability.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue lies in the interaction pattern with ERC20 tokens that require allowances to be set to zero before being updated to a new value. 

```solidity
        require(
            IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).approve(address(symmio), amount),
            "SolverVault: Approve failed"
        );
```
The `SolverVault` contract does not currently account for this peculiarity, which is present in some versions of USDT and other ERC20 tokens. This oversight could lead to failed transactions when the contract attempts to set new allowances on such collateral tokens.

## Impact
While not a direct security threat, this compatibility concern limits the `SolverVault` contract's functionality with certain ERC20 tokens. Failure to accommodate the unique allowance-setting requirements of tokens like USDT could result in transaction rejections, hampering the contract's effectiveness in a diverse token ecosystem.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L193-L196

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this potential compatibility issue, it is recommended to incorporate the `forceApprove` function from the OpenZeppelin `SafeERC20` library in the contract's logic. This function is specifically designed to handle the allowance-resetting requirement of certain ERC20 tokens. By using `forceApprove`, the `SolverVault` contract can ensure seamless interactions with a broader range of ERC20 tokens, including those with non-standard behaviors like USDT.

Revised code snippet suggestion:

```diff
        require(
-            IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).approve(address(symmio), amount),
+            IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).forceApprove(address(symmio), amount),
            "SolverVault: Approve failed"
        );
```
