Hollow Admiral Sheep

high

# Risk of Depositing Non-Valid Assets in the Protocol Due to Lack of Token Verification

## Summary
The protocol's vulnerability lies in the deposit function. It only checks the token's decimals when interacting with the contract. This leaves room for a malicious user to exploit by sending a token of low value or even creating a worthless token (like Shib) within seconds. They can then send an amount below the DepositLimit to trigger the mint function without verifying if the received token is a legitimate currency like USDC.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerable point is within the deposit function. It lacks proper validation for the received token's value and authenticity. It solely relies on the decimals check, which can be manipulated by sending low-value tokens or potentially worthless ones.


## Impact
This oversight allows attackers to deposit tokens of minimal value or even tokens of no actual value, leading the contract to mint new tokens without verifying their legitimacy. This opens the door for exploitation and undermines the contract's integrity by accepting non-legitimate assets.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L158C1-L182C1
```solidity
   function deposit(uint256 amount) external whenNotPaused {
        require(
            currentDeposit + amount <= depositLimit,
            "SolverVault: Deposit limit reached"
        );
        IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).safeTransferFrom(
            msg.sender,
            address(this),
            amount
        );
        uint256 amountInSolverVaultTokenDecimals = solverVaultTokenDecimals >=
            collateralTokenDecimals
            ? amount *
                (10 ** (solverVaultTokenDecimals - collateralTokenDecimals))
            : amount /
                (10 ** (collateralTokenDecimals - solverVaultTokenDecimals));

        SolverVaultToken(solverVaultTokenAddress).mint(
            msg.sender,
            amountInSolverVaultTokenDecimals
        );
        currentDeposit += amount;
        emit Deposit(msg.sender, amount);
    }
``` 
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To prevent this potential exploit, it's essential to implement a mechanism in the deposit function to verify the received token's type and value before minting new tokens. Ensure that only valid assets, such as USDC, are accepted for deposit. Additionally, consider implementing additional checks or using oracles to determine the actual value of the received tokens.

This will fortify the contract against potential attacks involving low-value or non-legitimate tokens, safeguarding its integrity and the assets within.