Skinny Lemon Aphid

medium

# User funds locked due to missing `cancelWithdrawRequest()` function

## Summary

A User has the ability to `requestWithdraw()`, but not to cancel a pending request. This puts an unnecessary amount of trust in the Balancer who must approve the request or else leave the User's funds locked indefinitely.

## Vulnerability Detail

The withdrawal workflow looks like this:
1. User holds vault share tokens corresponding to a certain amount of collateral in the vault.
2. User calls `requestWithdraw()`. **User's vault share tokens are burned.**
3. Balancer calls `acceptWithdrawRequest()`.
4. User (or anyone else) calls `claimForWithdrawRequest()`. **User's collateral is returned.**

Between steps 2 and 4, the User is stuck waiting for the Balancer to take action. The User trusts the Balancer to eventually take action, but the time frame is uncertain, and **in the meantime the User is left with nothing: no collateral, and no shares**. In the event of an emergency, the User has no recourse to receive any portion of the value deposited.

This can be trivially solved by adding a cancellation mechanism. If the User is able to cancel a pending request before it is accepted, thereby receiving their previously burned vault shares, then they can at least sell the vault shares on a secondary market and recoup some value without fully trusting the Balancer to act in a timely fashion.

## Impact

User funds are locked for an uncertain period of time.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L201-L280

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a `RequestStatus.Cancelled` and a `cancelWithdrawRequest()` function.
* When a user calls `cancelWithdrawRequest()`, it sets the request ID's status to `RequestStatus.Cancelled` and re-mints vault tokens to the user's account (they were previously burned on the call to `requestWithdraw()`).
* When `acceptWithdrawRequest()` is called, it ignores any request IDs for which the status is `RequestStatus.Cancelled`.