Suave Umber Huskie

medium

# Project may fail to be deployed to chains not compatible with Shanghai hardfork

## Summary

The "PUSH0" vulnerability refers to the use of the `PUSH0` operation in the bytecode generated by the Solidity compiler in version 0.8.20, which adopts the standard of the Shanghai version of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). This operation may not be supported on some networks, especially on layer 2 chains or other EVM-compatible networks that are not updated to the Shanghai version.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `PUSH0` operation was introduced into the EVM instruction set with the Shanghai update. When the Solidity compiler is updated to version 0.8.20, it defaults to using `PUSH0`, reflecting the update in the EVM. However, networks that have not implemented the Shanghai updates may not recognize this operation, leading to contract deployment failures.

## Impact

Contracts compiled with Solidity 0.8.20 or higher, targeting the Shanghai EVM, may fail to deploy on networks that do not support the `PUSH0` operation. This mainly affects layer 2 networks or parallel blockchains that are not synchronized with the latest updates of the main EVM.

## Code Snippet

- Found in src/SolverVaultToken.sol [Line: 5](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaultToken.sol#L5)

	```solidity
	pragma solidity ^0.8.20;
	```

- Found in src/SolverVaults.sol [Line: 5](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L5)

	```solidity
	pragma solidity ^0.8.20;
	```

## Tool used

Manual Review - Identifying this vulnerability requires an understanding of Solidity compiler versions and EVM capabilities on the target networks.

## Recommendation

It is recommended to verify the EVM version supported by the network where the contract will be deployed. If the network does not support the Shanghai version of the EVM, which includes the `PUSH0` operation, an earlier version of the Solidity compiler that does not include `PUSH0` in the generated bytecode should be used. This can be done by explicitly configuring the target EVM version in the Solidity compiler settings. For example, selecting a target EVM version prior to Shanghai can prevent the inclusion of `PUSH0` operations in the bytecode.


## PUSH0 Support 
[ PUSH0  Not supported yet!](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ALimeChain%2FRollupCodes%20PUSH0&type=code=