Eager Charcoal Wolf

medium

# Project may fail to be deployed to chains not compatible with Shanghai hardfork

## Summary
Some chains don't support PUSH0 opcode which was introduced in the solidity version 0.8.20. Current settings may produce incompatible bytecode with some of the chains supported by the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
Current settings may produce incompatible bytecode with some of the chains supported by the protocol.

The SYMM IO supports and targets different chains, such as BNB, Arbitrum, Polygon, Base, opBNB, zkEVM and Optimism as specified in the audit Context Q&A.

All of the contracts in scope have the required version of Solidity to be compiled with defined as ^0.8.20. This new version of the compiler uses the new PUSH0 opcode introduced in the Shanghai hard fork, which is now the default EVM version in the compiler and the one being currently used to compile the project.

This means that the produced bytecode for the different contracts won't be compatible with the chains that don't yet support the Shanghai hard fork.

This could also become a problem if different versions of Solidity are used to compile contracts for different chains. The differences in bytecode between versions can impact the deterministic nature of contract addresses, potentially breaking counterfactuality.

Link to Arbitrum docs:  
https://docs.arbitrum.io/for-devs/concepts/differences-between-arbitrum-ethereum/solidity-support
## Impact
Contracts could not work properly due to the incompatible bytecode.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.8.20;
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaultToken.sol#L5

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L5
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the Solidity compiler version to 0.8.19 or define an evm version, which is compatible across all of the intended chains to be supported by the protocol.