Stable Mauve Dog

medium

# Cross-Chain Deployment Challenges Due to Solidity Version 0.8.20 in SolverVault Contracts

## Summary
The `SolverVault` and `SolverVaultToken` contracts, compiled with Solidity version 0.8.20, may face deployment and operational challenges on blockchain networks that are not compatible with the Ethereum Shanghai hard fork. This compatibility issue stems from the use of new opcodes introduced in the hard fork, specifically integrated into Solidity 0.8.20 and later versions.

## Vulnerability Detail
According to the following link:

https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.8.20

Solidity 0.8.20 incorporates changes aligned with the Ethereum Shanghai hard fork, including the introduction of new EVM opcodes like `PUSH0`. Contracts compiled with this version of Solidity might produce bytecode that is not compatible with L2 blockchain networks, ie. BNB, Arbitrum, Polygon, Base, opBNB, zkEVM, Optimism, that have not implemented these changes. This incompatibility arises because such networks do not recognize or properly execute these new opcodes.

## Impact
The severity is significant for projects aiming for multi-chain deployment and operation, particularly on chains that are not updated with the latest Ethereum enhancements. The primary concern is the inability to deploy or correctly operate these contracts on non-Shanghai-compatible chains, limiting the reach and functionality of the project. This could also become a problem if different versions of Solidity are used to compile contracts for different chains. The differences in bytecode between versions can impact the deterministic nature of contract addresses, potentially breaking counter-factuality.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaultToken.sol#L5
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L5

```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.8.20;
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To ensure broader compatibility across various blockchain networks, consider downgrading the Solidity compiler version to 0.8.19 or earlier, which does not include Shanghai hard fork specific opcodes. This ensures compatibility with a wider range of blockchain networks.

```diff
- pragma solidity ^0.8.20;
+ pragma solidity 0.8.19;
```