Daring Ash Canary

medium

# Redundant Processing of Withdrawal Requests in acceptWithdrawRequest Function

## Summary
The `acceptWithdrawRequest` function in the `SolverVault` contract does not include a check to prevent the redundant processing of withdrawal requests. If the function is called multiple times with the same withdrawal request ID, it will repeatedly set the status to "Ready" and update the accepted ratio, leading to unintended consequences.


## Vulnerability Detail
The provided `acceptWithdrawRequest` function in the contract does not include explicit checks to prevent accepting an already accepted withdrawal request. As a result, if the function is called with the same request ID that has already been accepted, the function will process the acceptance again, potentially leading to unintended consequences.

Here's the relevant part of the code where the function processes accepted withdrawal requests:
```solidity
for (uint256 i = 0; i < _acceptedRequestIds.length; i++) {
    uint256 id = _acceptedRequestIds[i];
    require(id < withdrawRequests.length, "SolverVault: Invalid request ID");
    // ... (other code)
    withdrawRequests[id].status = RequestStatus.Ready;
    withdrawRequests[id].acceptedRatio = _paybackRatio;
}
```
This code iterates through the provided array of accepted request IDs (`_acceptedRequestIds`). For each ID, it checks if the ID is within the valid range of withdrawal requests. If the check passes, the function updates the status of the withdrawal request to "Ready" and sets the accepted ratio.

If the `acceptWithdrawRequest` function is called with the same request ID multiple times, the function will repeatedly set the status to "Ready" and update the accepted ratio. This could result in unintended consequences, such as incorrect calculations or redundant state changes.
## Impact
The impact of this oversight is that accepting an already accepted withdrawal request can lead to redundant state changes, potentially causing discrepancies in calculations or unnecessary updates to the contract's internal state. This may affect the accuracy of financial calculations and compromise the integrity of the withdrawal request processing.


## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L236-L280)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce additional checks in the code, such as checking the current status of the withdrawal request before processing it. For example:
```solidity
require(withdrawRequests[id].status == RequestStatus.Pending, "SolverVault: Invalid accepted request");
```