Daring Ash Canary

medium

# Lack of Explicit Check for Sufficient Balance in `claimForWithdrawRequest`

## Summary
The `claimForWithdrawRequest` function in the `SolverVault` contract lacks an explicit check to ensure that the contract has a sufficient balance before attempting to deposit funds to Symmio. While certain conditions indirectly mitigate this risk, there is a need for a direct check to enhance security and prevent potential issues.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the absence of an explicit check for the contract's overall balance before transferring funds to the receiver in the `claimForWithdrawRequest` function. While the function does check the withdrawal request's status and adjusts the `lockedBalance` variable, there is no direct verification of the contract's financial capacity to cover the claimed amount. This could lead to attempted transfers exceeding the available balance, causing the transaction to fail or potentially compromising the contract's integrity.
```solidity
function claimForWithdrawRequest(uint256 requestId) external whenNotPaused {
    require(
        requestId < withdrawRequests.length,
        "SolverVault: Invalid request ID"
    );

    WithdrawRequest storage request = withdrawRequests[requestId];

    require(
        request.status == RequestStatus.Ready,
        "SolverVault: Request not ready for withdrawal"
    );

    // Balance adjustment
    uint256 amount = (request.amount * request.acceptedRatio) / 1e18;
    lockedBalance -= amount;

    // Potential issue: No explicit check for sufficient balance before transfer
    IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).safeTransfer(request.receiver, amount);
    emit WithdrawClaimedEvent(requestId, request.receiver);
}
```

## Impact
The absence of an explicit balance check before transferring funds in `claimForWithdrawRequest` may lead to transaction failures and could pose a risk to the contract's functionality, potentially affecting users' ability to claim their funds.

## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L282-L308)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement an explicit check for the contract's balance before attempting to transfer funds in the `claimForWithdrawRequest` function. This check should ensure that the contract has sufficient funds to cover the claimed amount, preventing potential transaction failures and enhancing the overall security of the contract.