Sleepy Chartreuse Nuthatch

medium

# Risk of ERC20 `approve` race condition

## Summary
The `SolverVault` in the `depositToSymmio` function does not have any protection against the well-known “Multiple Withdrawal Attack” attack on the Approve/TransferFrom methods of the ERC20 standard.

## Vulnerability Detail
This race condition occurs when the approve function of an ERC20 token is called, and closely followed by a call to the transferFrom on the same token. The issue arises when, between the approve and transferFrom calls, another transaction is inserted that also calls transferFrom. This can lead to the tokens being spent twice. The issue is better described [here](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20)

From Openzeppelin docs about the [function](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/token/erc20#ERC20-approve-address-uint256-),
> Beware that changing an allowance with this method brings the risk that someone may use both the old and the new allowance by unfortunate transaction ordering. One possible solution to mitigate this race condition is to first reduce the spender’s allowance to 0 and set the desired value afterwards: https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20#issuecomment-263524729

In the `depositToSymmio` function, `approve` is called on the collateral token making the contract vulnerable to this sort of race condition. Important to note that this is not token specific like non standard token behaviour but an effect of normal ERC20 token implementation.
## Impact
Risk of "multiple withdrawal" as the MockSymmio contract uses `transferFrom` in the `depositFor` function.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L194
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/test/MockSymmio.sol#L22
## Tool used
Manual Code Review

## Recommendation
There are solutions to mitigate this such as, to first reduce the spender's allowance to 0 and set the desired value afterwards; another solution could the one that Open Zeppelin offers, where the non-standard decreaseAllowance and increaseAllowance functions have been added to mitigate the well-known issues involving setting allowances; Or better still, switching to the safeApprove methods.