Late Merlot Bear

high

# Reentrancy Attack

## Summary
 Reentrancy Attack
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L282C37-L282C37

## Vulnerability Detail

A reentrancy attack occurs when an external call is made to an untrusted contract before the state of the current contract is updated. If the called contract re-enters the current contract, it can execute additional code that may take advantage of the contract's state being in an inconsistent or intermediate state.

The `claimForWithdrawRequest` function could be susceptible to reentrancy attacks as the state is updated after the external call to safeTransfer. It is generally recommended to update the state before making external calls to avoid reentrancy vulnerabilities.

Risk: An attacker could exploit reentrancy to re-enter the contract and execute malicious code during the state transition.

1. The function checks if the `requestId` is valid and if the associated request is in the `Ready` state.
2. It updates the request's status to `Done`.
3. It calculates the withdrawal amount based on the accepted ratio.
4. It updates the `lockedBalance` by subtracting the withdrawn amount.
5. It transfers the withdrawn amount to the designated receiver.

If any of the operations between steps 2 and 5 involve an external call to an untrusted contract, and that contract can call back into the `SolverVault` contract before the `claimForWithdrawRequest` function completes, a reentrancy attack might be possible.
## Impact
High

## Code Snippet

        function claimForWithdrawRequest(uint256 requestId) external whenNotPaused {
             require(
                  requestId < withdrawRequests.length,
                 "SolverVault: Invalid request ID"
               );
               WithdrawRequest storage request = withdrawRequests[requestId];

        require(
            request.status == RequestStatus.Ready,
            "SolverVault: Request not ready for withdrawal"
        );

        request.status = RequestStatus.Done;
        uint256 amount = (request.amount * request.acceptedRatio) / 1e18;
        lockedBalance -= amount;
        IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).safeTransfer(request.receiver, amount);
        emit WithdrawClaimedEvent(requestId, request.receiver);
    }

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure that state changes are made before making external calls. Use the "checks-effects-interactions" pattern to prevent reentrancy attacks.