Massive Fiery Koala

medium

# Lack of input validation in the initialize function of the SolverVaults.sol contract.

## Summary
Lack of input validation in the initialize function of the SolverVaults.sol contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
The initialize function is a critical part of the contract initialization process, responsible for setting up essential parameters. However, it currently lacks proper input validation for two critical address parameters: _symmioVaultTokenAddress and _solver.

Without adequate validation, there is a risk that these addresses could be set to zero addresses, which may lead to unexpected behavior or vulnerabilities in the contract's functionality.

## Impact

The impact of the lack of input validation in the initialize function is significant, potentially leading to severe vulnerabilities and unexpected behavior in the SolverVaults.sol contract. Without proper validation for the _symmioVaultTokenAddress and _solver parameters, there is a heightened risk of accepting zero addresses during initialization.

This oversight can have profound consequences, jeopardizing the contract's security and functionality. The acceptance of zero addresses may result in unintended and unpredictable behaviors, potentially compromising user funds or disrupting the intended operation of the contract. Critical functions relying on these parameters, such as interactions with external contracts or critical state updates, may behave erroneously if initialized with zero addresses.

In the worst-case scenario, an attacker could exploit this vulnerability to manipulate the initialization process, leading to unexpected states or unauthorized control over the contract. The lack of input validation introduces uncertainty into the contract's integrity, making it susceptible to exploitation or abuse.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L80-L85
```solidity
function initialize(
    address _symmioAddress,
    address _symmioVaultTokenAddress,
    address _solver,
    uint256 _minimumPaybackRatio,
    uint256 _depositLimit
) public initializer {
    // Existing code...

    // No input validation for zero addresses
    require(_minimumPaybackRatio <= 1e18, "SolverVault: Invalid ratio");

    // Existing code...
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement input validation checks at the beginning of the initialize function to ensure that _symmioVaultTokenAddress and _solver are not zero addresses. Use require statements to enforce these conditions, providing appropriate error messages for clarity.

Example:

`require(_symmioVaultTokenAddress != address(0), "SolverVault: Zero _symmioVaultTokenAddress");
require(_solver != address(0), "SolverVault: Zero _solver");
`
