Fantastic Cider Worm

high

# Funds locked due to requestId not being returned in SolverVaults::requestWithdraw()

## Summary

`SolverVaults::claimForWithdrawRequest()` is not callable since a user has no way to get the `requestId` of the withdrawal they requested previously. This lead to funds locked in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

To withdraw their collateral, a user must go through the following steps :
1- They request a withdrawal by calling `SolverVaults::requestWithdraw()` function to which they pass the `amount` they want to withdraw as well as the address of the `receiver` they want the funds to be sent to
2- The Balancer accept the withdrawal the user requested in the previous step. 
Once the Balancer accepts a withdrawal request, the approved amount is locked in the contract and cannot be transferred to Symmio thereafter.
3- The user claim for the requested withdrawal once the Balancer accepted it.

To claim for a requested withdrawal, a user must provide a `requestId` when calling `SolverVaults::claimForWithdrawRequest()`
However, there is no way to get the ID of the withdrawal they requested previously.
So they cannot call `SolverVaults::claimForWithdrawRequest()` since they don't have the `requestId` of the accepted withrawal they requested at the first step.

As a result, funds are permanently locked in the contract.

## Impact

Users cannot withdraw their funds even if their withdrawal request has been accepted by the Balancer. These funds are permanently locked in the contract.

## Code Snippet

* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L282-L300
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L201-L204

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In `SolverVaults::requestWithdraw()` function, return the `requestId` of the new withdrawal request.