Elegant Blue Octopus

medium

# Upgrades in collateral token can cause issues to the `SolverVault ` protocol

## Summary
The `SolverVault` contract's functionality can be impacted by upgrades to the collateral tokens `USDC` and `USDT` especially in two specific scenarios: changes in token decimals and upgrade into rebasing tokens. These upgrades can lead to loss of funds or inability to execute withdrawals.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. **Change in Token Decimals:**
If the token decimals are changed through an upgrade, and the contract's `setSymmioAddress` function is not executed in time to update the `collateralTokenDecimals`, the fund calculations will be wrong. For example, in the `requestWithdraw` function:
   
```solidity
   uint256 amountInCollateralDecimals = collateralTokenDecimals >=
                solverVaultTokenDecimals
                ? amount * (10 ** (collateralTokenDecimals - solverVaultTokenDecimals))
                : amount / (10 ** (solverVaultTokenDecimals - collateralTokenDecimals));
   currentDeposit -= amountInCollateralDecimals;
```

The calculation of `amountInCollateralDecimals` will be wrong if `collateralTokenDecimals` is outdated. 
Let's assume that the old decimals is 6 and the new is 18. This can lead to users withdrawing less than their entitled amount, causing a loss of funds.
Similarily for deposits, users will be entitled to way more tokens than they should have.


2. **Upgrade into Rebasing Tokens:**

If the collateral token becomes a rebasing token due to an upgrade, the contract's balance of these tokens could change dynamically. This can affect the `claimForWithdrawRequest` function:

```solidity
lockedBalance -= amount;
IERC20(collateralTokenAddress).safeTransfer(request.receiver, amount);
```

In this case, if the actual balance of the collateral tokens in the contract is less than the expected `amount` due to rebasing, the `safeTransfer` call might revert, leaving users unable to claim their withdrawals for a while.

## Impact

Changes in token decimals can lead to incorrect calculations of deposit and withdrawal amounts, causing loss of funds for both the protocol and users.
Upgrade to rebasing tokens can freeze users funds (for a while).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L168-L173
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L212-L217
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L297

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- Recalculate the actual collateral decimals using the function `IERC20Metadata(collateralTokenAddress)
            .decimals();` in both `deposit` and `requestWithdraw` functions.
- Consider introducing logic that will freeze interactions with the token in question if an upgrade is detected. (e.g. the [TUSD adapter](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-deploy/blob/7394f6555daf5747686a1b29b2f46c6b2c64b061/src/join.sol#L322) used by MakerDAO).