Steep Lead Cod

medium

# A user may lose vault and collateral tokens if their withdrawal request cannot be accepted by the Balancer

## Summary

A lack of functionality to cancel withdraw requests might lead to some users losing their vault and collateral tokens if the balancer is unable to accept their withdrawal requests.

## Vulnerability Detail

To withdraw collateral tokens from SolverVault a user must call requestWithdraw with the amount of vault tokens to return and the receiver address. The function burns the user's vault tokens, decreases the currentDeposit amount and adds the request to withdrawRequests.

The acceptWithdrawRequest is called by the Balancer to accept an array of withdraw requests. The total amount of collateral tokens to send is set to the lockedBalance and the withdraw requests' statuses are set to ready. The withdraw requests which the balancer chooses to accept does not need to be in order and it is possible that some requests may be skipped. If the balancer does not accept a request a user cannot claim their collateral tokens.

## Impact

If the Balancer cannot accept the withdraw request then the user has lost vault tokens and cannot redeem their collateral.

## Code Snippet

[SolverVaults.sol#L236-L280](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L236-L280)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider allowing users to cancel withdraw requests or provide an alternative way for them to claim their collateral tokens.