Skinny Lemon Aphid

medium

# Loss of User funds via Admin error in `acceptWithdrawRequest()`

## Summary

In `acceptWithdrawRequest()`, the Balancer (a trusted Admin) specifies a `_paybackRatio` which must at least match the `minimumPaybackRatio`. However, there is no upper bound on `_paybackRatio`, so the Balancer can - even accidentally - distribute outsized collateral to certain Users at the expense of all other Users. The mistake is irreversible.

## Vulnerability Detail

The Balancer is considered to be a "trusted" administrator in this setup, but even non-malicious entities are susceptible to user error. If the error is both irreversible and trivial to protect against, then the risk is unacceptable. Consider a trivial example below.

1. The contract holds 1000 USDC of collateral. Out of this 1000 total, 100 represent the deposit of User0 and 900 represent the deposit of User1. 
2. User0 requests a withdrawal via `requestWithdraw()`.
3. The Balancer calls `acceptWithdrawRequest()`, intending to pay back 100% of User0's deposit. However, the Balancer accidentally adds an extra zero to `_paybackRatio`, setting it to `1e19`. This represents a 1000% payback to User0.
4. **At this point, there is no mechanism for cancelling the withdrawal. User0 is entitled to the contract's full collateral balance.**
5.  User0 calls `claimForWithdrawRequest()`, receiving 1000 USDC from the contract.
6. Now the contract holds 0 USDC, effectively shrinking the value of User1's deposit from 900 USDC to 0. **User1 has lost funds.**

Note that:
- There is no reason for `_paybackRatio` ever to be more than `1e18` (100%) because this contract never distributes yield. This contract issues vault shares 1:1 with collateral deposits, and yield is distributed via a separate staking contract (per the README).
- The Balancer is trusted to act non-maliciously but is still susceptible to basic user error.
- Once this error occurs, it is irreversible because there is no cancellation mechanism.
- Protecting against this error requires no more than a single statement (four lines of code when formatted for style).

## Impact

Loss of collateral for some users to the benefit of other users.

## Code Snippet

`acceptWithdrawRequest()`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L246-L267

`claimForWithdrawRequest()`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/main/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L295-L297

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the following check to `acceptWithdrawRequest()`:

```solidity
        require(
            _paybackRatio <= 1e18,
            "SolverVault: Payback ratio is too high"
        );
```