Square Linen Porpoise

medium

# Users do not have the ability to specify the minimum amount of collateral they are willing to receive in exchange for their tokens

## Summary

To exchange their vault tokens for collateral, users execute the requestWithdraw function, providing the quantity of vault tokens to be exchanged. These tokens are burned in this function, and a WithdrawRequest is created with a Pending status. Later on, Balancer calls the acceptWithdrawRequest function, passing the _paybackRatio parameter, the value of which determines the amount of collateral the user will be able to claim later. The value of _paybackRatio depends on various variables, and calling requestWithdraw at an inappropriate moment can lead to a loss for the user compared to calling the same function at another nearby moment.
The problem is that the user does not have the ability to specify the minimum amount of collateral they expect to receive, thus protecting themselves from sudden changes in the variables on which _paybackRatio depends (similar to slippage protection).

## Vulnerability Detail

>Navid — 01/03/2024 3:07 PM
Considering the current balance of the contract, the state of the solver in the symmio, and the amount of funds a user requests for withdrawal, the balancer — which can be either a person or a bot — would accept withdraw requests. The acceptedRatio will be 1 if there isn't any specific problem with the solver side.

From this answer from the sponsor in Discord can see which are the variable from which _paybackRatio (acceptedRatio) depends on. Furthermore, if we examine the available online documentation for Hedger (solver), we can see that depending on how successful a Hedger's strategy is, they may accumulate profits or incur losses. If the strategy is profitable, liquidity providers will receive a larger amount of collateral than they deposited; if it's unprofitable, they will receive a smaller amount. Following this logic, I conclude that it is important for the user to know whether, at the moment they want to withdraw their collateral, the Hedger is in profit or not.

After consulting with the sponsor, I learned that there are frontends working on implementing functionality to predict withdrawals at a specific moment. However, even if such functionality is implemented, the user cannot be certain that temporary circumstances won't arise after their withdrawal request, leading to an unfavorable _paybackRatio at that moment and receiving less collateral than expected—a financial loss for the user.

## Impact

Possible financial loss for depositors.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-symm-io/blob/60ee22a4c598220821385cfb5eee43f40aafd5f1/solver-vaults/contracts/SolverVaults.sol#L201-L234

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The solution is to add an additional parameter to requestWithdraw through which users can specify the minimum amount of collateral they expect to receive in exchange for their tokens. If it turns out that the amount is less than this minimum value, the burned tokens should be minted again to the user, and the withdrawal request should be canceled, similar to the operation of slippage protection.
